hi guys and welcome back today mike is
gonna be taking over the cooking later
he's gonna be cooking his world-famous
chef inspired professional to your sous
chef position right shepherd's pie
my favorite of all chef is Pilate
because it's full of flavor I think it's
something we've perfected over the years
because we tend to cook a lot yeah it's
so much better than me chopping things
it's not fair
so I'm gonna put two cloves of garlic I
just gonna crush them and then peel them
when there's a chop away it's a small
dice two pieces I need to do a drizzle
of olive oil I'm just gonna break this
up before I put it in so it doesn't burn
I'm gonna season it before I put it in
the pan with a bit of salt and pepper
yeah
can you not do this any quicker when I
was sous-chef it was done not right now
I'm gonna add the meat in so we're just
gonna darken the meat and whilst that's
browning can i drain the potato you can
drain the potatoes
so now this meats nice and browned I'm
gonna get some red wine which if you've
had a glass already you can just pull
the remainder in you just stir that in
and I'm just gonna let that reduce down
catch all the flavors now can you match
those how's that sound
this is 500 grams and this phone is so
I'd seen only about 50 grams surgeon
professional so after the butter we add
a bit of salt and pepper
mash one and we have some kind of
machine they can do this no we just have
you he's also left the skin on potatoes
I don't know if we said that it's a new
potato so the skin is much better on
them cuz they are fresh I don't tend to
put milk in my mashed potato to go in a
shepherd's pie you've got so much juice
in the mince as it is but then it kind
of takes away from it so you want the
exact what yeah you want it to be quite
firm this is where my special
ingredients come in which kind of gets a
big renegade which I'm not sure many
Shepherd's pies have so first I get some
chopped tomatoes but is the same as you
put in a spaghetti bolognaise it kind of
adds like a sort of rich flavor to it
which I quite like this is where I need
you sous chef it is time for you to get
a bit of gravy granules yeah all gravy
powder
now very gently and gently okay don't
gently add it she didn't howdy Jenny but
I do things gently put men and then
there's one other secret ingredient you
know that is Madan bravely well once
prank a lot once brick just scatter
those in we just stir that in we're
gonna drop the temperature down if
you've got time to let it simmer it
definitely will add the flavor
I need my tasting spoon gotta make sure
it's seasoned properly needs more pepper
yeah acceptable
I mean rustic now this is all mixed in
together I'm going to add in the final
ingredient which is supposed to be you
can use any kind of like chopped
vegetable root vegetables a lot peas in
there there's a lot of pieces it's good
healthy yeah so first things first we're
gonna add the meat it's just a bit of
the time to make sure you're not
overdoing it you know what else is a
good ingredient it is honestly Mike
hates ketchup but I put it into a pie
when I cook now we see if your mushroom
tasted a lot to say I think you needed
more butter but you know if we've got to
be healthy with these things I'll have
to go through the middle with it dollops
and then work your way out so how does
this suck this the middle bit not squish
outside because he's a cunning technique
which is a fork a follicle gonna gently
prod finish push it we did more buses a
bit right it's fine so I like it to be a
bit rustic any bits sticking up it's
kind of good because that means they get
extra Brown and so a little bit sticking
up higher get more yeah toasty
sous chef oh do you like to grate
it's really hard because it's really far
away from people that's not my problem
you're the sous chef sue up ready for
the oven
right knees hop so it gets the grill
action yeah make sure you get up sit so
how long have it for 20 minutes I would
say in all of them it's probably gonna
take about 15-20 minutes hopefully a
little less if you've got a grill and
probably only take five minutes
right I think uh I mean you can hear the
sound of their great you're so proud of
yourself my dear
I'm ready you know I would do to this
thing but I do edit and ruin it cover it
and ketchup might be fine if I do say so
myself
acceptable nice really good good well if
you guys want to see more of these
recipes that I'll be cooking and you
might be allowed to cook every now and
then couple then either click or
subscribe to the channel or the link
below I'm just gonna you the chef's pipe
on so you guys